style-guide: give instructions on sudo usage (#17087)
tldr-pages/tldr: contributing-guides/style-guide.md

When describing keycaps or a keyboard shortcut for a utility, use the same [keypress syntax](#keypress-syntax) as in example commands. Make sure to enclose it in backticks so that it is not invisible in markdown renderers (i.e. ``Print the last lines of a given file and keep reading it until `<Ctrl c>`:``).

> If a program requires root privileges to run and doesn't provide its own prompt for a password, prepend the command with `sudo`. (i.e `sudo apt update`)

Reviewer: This is an example. "i.e." means "that is".
```suggestion
If a program requires root privileges to run and doesn't provide its own prompt for a password, prepend the command with `sudo` (e.g. `sudo apt update`).
```

> If a program requires root privileges to run and doesn't provide its own prompt for it like `systemctl`, prepend the command with `sudo`. (i.e `sudo apt update`)

Author: ```suggestion
If a program requires root privileges to run and doesn't provide its own prompt for a password, prepend the command with `sudo`. (i.e `sudo apt update`)
```
Doing it this way because scrolling the file on mobile is a pain.
